Update get_query_invalid_numbers.md (#5507)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_api/endpoints/sms/get_query_invalid_numbers.md

| `limit` | Optional | Integer | Optional field to limit the number of results returned. Defaults to 100, maximum is 500. |
| `offset` | Optional | Integer | Optional beginning point in the list to retrieve from. |
| `phone_numbers` | Optional <br>(see note) | Array of Strings in e.164 format | If provided, we will return the phone number if it has been found to be invalid. |

> | `reason` | Optional <br>(see note) | String | Available values are "provider_error" (invalidated by provider) or "deactivated" (phone number has been deactivated). If ommitted, all reasons are returned. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `reason` | Optional <br>(see note) | String | Available values are "provider_error" (provider error indicates phone cannot receive SMS) or "deactivated" (phone number has been deactivated). If ommitted, all reasons are returned. |
```

Don't feel strongly just wondered if a little more explanation is helpful here
